Let us look at a reference.
Suppose I have a variable then for the same variable.
I can also declare a reference that is a references  declared with & symbol.
Now this Y is a reference to X..
Now if I say Cout x value of x will be displayed then if I say Y plus plus the value of x will increment
and even if I say X plus plus then the value of x is incremented.
Now again if I say cout x here I mean incrementing value Y as well as value X..
It means the same thing so the same value of x would be incremented twice and then I should get the answer
as 12 here.
So this X is incremented with a name Y.
Let us run and see, see the first time the value of x is  10 and next the value of x is 12
now let us see one more thing I will say.
cout address of X and with some space I will display, address of y
let's run this and see.
So you can see that the address of variable x and y both are same.
So Y is not another variable.
It is just another name of same variable x so both are having same address.
So it means Y is also the same thing so Y doesn't consume any memory.
It's not declared just like a variable.
Now one more thing I'm will show you see I cannot just declare a reference without initializing it.
It's an error declaration of a reference variable y requires
I got an error message and initializer.
So a reference must be initialized whenever it is declared.
So I must assign some variable name and even later on if I have supposed one more variable b with value
20.
Now I cannot say that this is y I want to assign it to B.
I cannot do this so this will be actually storing the value of b in Y.
Instead of changing a reference so I cannot say like this also.
See I got message that expression is not assignable So that's how  one reference is created for some
variable.
It cannot be changed at all.
So that's it, it's about reference.